This story is a horror story in the style of HP Lovecraft. It takes place in an insane asylum where a visiting doctor is getting a tour of the current patients. They go past a couple rooms as the director explains the patient in each one. They stop at one of the newer patients, a young teenage girl who has a strange obsession with a hand-made doll. The visiting doctor is intrigued and they arrange a sit down with the patient so she can tell her story. She doesn’t want to, holding her creepy doll close and refusing to talk until the directory has a nurse take the doll away and he subtlety threatens to keep the doll from her for a week or two unless she shares her story for the visiting doctor. She reluctantly agrees, but doctor will not give the doll back until her story is told. She tells her story, frequently pausing over the difficult parts until the doctor repeats his threat, dragging the complete story from her. 
Up until the death of her twin sister She was a normal child, daughter to respected father and a mother who was a school teacher. Intelligent and imaginative with no sign of the madness that would take eventually her. She and her twin sister were very close, completely inseparable through out their childhood. But they had difficulty making friends, perfering to play together instead of with others. Their closeness was a little unusual, even for twins. When they learned to speak they created their own language that no one else could understand. They were highly empathic, when one was injured both would cry equally. It wasn’t until her twin developed a breathing issue, later found to be consumption that their unity was torn apart. Her sister lingered for may months, with the sister hardly leaving her side. They talked every night in their special language planning their lives together as if to drive away the impending doom. But it couldn’t last. One night her twin’s labored breathing was so severe the doctor was summoned and he pronounced the end was near. The family gather to be with her in her final moments, silently except for the sister whispering to her dying twin in a language only she could understand. Finally her ragged death rattle announced the end had come. All present wept except for the sister. She just keep whispering, having a conversation with her dead twin, still hopeful, unable to face the truth. When confronted by her parents she insisted her twin was not dead, that she could still hear her speak. Couldn’t they hear her? Her voice was low but clear as day. She wasn’t dead! Her parents gently consolations failed to convince her and at this point she lost all connection to reality. She kept insisting her twin was alive even as the body was prepared for burial. Again and again she was found kneeling by the corpse in the dead of night whispering to it in her strange tongue refusing to accept the truth. When they came to take her to burial she physically stopped them, screaming her sister was still alive and they could not put her in the cold ground. Only through forced medication was she sedated and they managed to have the funeral with her kept at home. In the days that followed they hoped she would accept the hard truth but she did not. The following night she was found missing and after much searching they found her at the grave site, still trying to speak with dead sister. But when they dragged her away, she became calm. And for the next day or two she seemed almost normal, although she spoke very little she seemed at least experiencing normal grief. Alone in her room, she gathered material and began feverishly creating a doll , giving it the appearance and name of her lost twin. But then the short lived sanity exploded into a terrible madness and scandal. In the morning it was found her twin’s grave had been violated, A hole had been dug down into the earth, to the very coffin holding her sister remains. The wooden coffin lid had been hacked open and Her sister’s remains had been violently disturbed, her rib cage smashed and by the looks of it, someone had taken the corpses heart out. The outcry was severe, the whole town was shocked at the brutality of the crime. But no one suspected her, exempt her father. In the cellar he found the shovel with signs of fresh earth and worse still on the blade. He confronted her and she denied it at first but broken down and admitted to the act, insisting it was the only to save her sister who wasn’t really dead. She was quietly arrested. At the trial the coroner had the body examined and determined the only the heart had been taken, and when confronted she said she had to burn the heart to ashes for her sister to find peace. But no evidence could be found to support her claim or burning and there was concern she had done something terrible with it. In the end she was convicted but sent to the insane asylum where she has remained ever since. At the end of her tale, the doctor returns the doll and asks her again, what did she do with the heart? But she does not answer, only hugs her doll tightly.
